Data docs (#1418)
postgresml/postgresml: pgml-cms/docs/introduction/getting-started/README.md

# Getting Started

> A PostgresML deployment consists of multiple components working in concert to provide a complete Machine Learning platform. We provide a fully managed solution in our cloud, and document a self-hosted installation in our docs.

Reviewer: documenting the self hosted version is confusing here. Are these docs for cloud users, or self hosted people?

Author: Both.

* PostgreSQL database, with `pgml`, `pgvector` and many other extensions installed, including backups, metrics, logs, replicas and high availability
* PgCat pooler to provide secure access and model load balancing across thousands of clients

> * A web application to manage deployed models and write experiments in SQL notebooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A web application to manage deployed models and share experiments and analysis in SQL notebooks
```
